Now that the first and last names are separated,
let's try sorting the list by first name.
Select all the data.
It's easiest to select whole columns but not required.
The sort functions are in the Data menu.
There's a little A to Z icon.
By default, the sort will be on the first column.
Well, this didn't work very well in our case because we want to sort
by first name which happens to be in the second column. Let's try again.
Choose the sort option and then there's a dialog to specify columns and other details.
Here we can choose to sort by the first name column, A to Z.
But wait, I have a couple of first names
that are the same yet the last name is out of order.
Let's go back to that dialog again.
We need to add a level.
Now, we'll sort by first name then last and now,
both are in the right order.